
BAT - Bayesian Analysis Toolkit
version 0.1
-------------------------------


Note: This is a very first release of BAT. Therefore, there are
      probably many "features" we didn't intend to include. Please,
      send any bugreports, comments and wishes to email address
      bat@mppmu.mpg.de



The Bayesian Analysis Toolkit is a software analysis package which allows
to address the main goals of a typical data anaysis:

 - compare model predictions with data,
 - draw conclusions on the validity of the model as a representation
   of the data and
 - extract the possible values of parameters within the context of
   a model.

The BAT is based on Bayes' Theorem and is realized with the use of Markov
Chain Monte Carlo. This gives access to the full posterior probability
distribution and enables straightforward parameter estimation, limit
setting and uncertainty propagation.

The BAT is implemented in C++ with emphasis put to flexibility and
modularity in defining models while keeping in mind the reliability
and speed requirements of the numerical operations.

The information about the main features introduced in this version
can be found in doc/releasnotes.txt. The detailed list of changes
can be found in doc/changelog.


Availability:
-------------
The BAT is available from http://www.mppmu.mpg.de/bat/.
See doc/COPYING and doc/LICENSE for licensing terms.


Contents:
---------
Directory bat/:

   doc       - directory containing information about BAT
   examples  - directory containing well commented example programs
   include   - directory containing BAT header files
   obj       - directory where object files are put during compilation
   src       - directory containing BAT source files
   INSTALL   - information about how to install BAT on your system
   Makefile  - makefile for BAT compilation
   README    - basic information about BAT (this file)


Installation:
-------------
See the INSTALL file for installation instructions.



-------------
For additional information and contacting the authors, please, consult
the BAT webpage at http://www.mppmu.mpg.de/bat/.

