Description: 
------------

This example is part of BAT. It will only run if BAT is correctly
installed on the system.

The physics motivation for this analysis is the extraction of the
fraction of right-handed W-bosons in top decays. Four templates are
fitted to a single histogram. Three different sources of systematic
uncertainty are taken into account. The source code is commented and
explains the individual steps.

The source file(s) contain(s) plenty of comments and explanations. For
further documentation see the "Short Introduction to BAT" and/or the
reference guide, both available on the BAT web page:

http://www.mppmu.mpg.de/bat/


Files:
------

  README                  - this file 
  Makefile                - makefile for the example program
  CreateHistogram.C       - a macro which create the templates and the 
                            pseudo data histograms.
  templatefit.cxx         - this macro performs a template fit to a single data
                            set
  ensembletest.cxx        - this macro performs an ensemble test for a given
                            combination of templates. The ensembles can be 
                            generated with fixed parameters or according to the
                            posterior pdf.
  sensitivity.cxx         - this macro performs an ensemble test for a given
                            combination of templates. The ensembles are 
                            generated according to the prior pdf.


Running the example:
--------------------

1. Make sure that BAT is correctly installed in the system.

2. Create the templates and data histograms by calling the ROOT
   macro 'root CreateHistogram.C' 

3. Compile the example by running 'make' in the example directory

   For the compilation to work properly BAT needs to be installed in
   the standard system accessible location or in the path defined by
   the BATINSTALLDIR environmental variable.

4. If you would like to perform a template fit run the executable
   'templatefit'

5. If you would like to perform an ensemble test run the executable
   'ensembletest'

6. If you would like to perform an ensemble test run the executable
   'sensitivity'


