BAT examples
------------

All examples require that BAT was successfully installed in the system.
Instructions on how to run the examples are either inside the source
code (for ROOT macros) or in the README file (for compiled examples)

You can also find tutorials on BAT webpage: mpp.mpg.de/bat

Examples in this directory:
---------------------------

* Directory: basic

  Directory:    poisson
  Type:         Compiled program
  Description:  A simple example for a Poisson counting experiment. The
                expectation value for a Poisson distribution is
                estimated given a certain number of observations.

  Directoy:     binomial
  Type:         Compiled program
  Description:  A simple example for a binomial experiment. The
                efficiency for a certain process is estimated given a
                total and selected number of "events" or observations.

  Directory:    errorpropagation
  Type:         Compiled program
  Description:  A simple example for error propagation. The probability
                distribution for the ratio of two random variables is
                calculated.

  Directory:    combination1d
  Type:         Compiled program
  Description:  A simple example for the combination of two
                measurements where one is the result from an earlier
                measurement.

  Directory:    combination2d
  Type:         Compiled program
  Description:  A simple example for the combination of two
                measurements with two variables where one is the
                result from an earlier measurement.

  Directory:    graphFitter
  Type:         ROOT macro
  Description:  Straight line fit using GraphFitter assuming gaussian
                uncertainties.

  Directory:    histogramFitter
  Type:         ROOT macro
  Description:  Histogram fit using poissonian uncertainties.

  Directory:    efficiencyFitter
  Type:         ROOT macro
  Description:  Efficiency fit. Shows how to fit a histogram ratio where
                the numerator histogram is a subset of the denominator
                histogram. Binomial uncertainties are used.

  Directory:    RootOutput
  Type:         Compiled program
  Description:  A simple 2D-Gaussian posterior. The example shows how to
                write the MCMC to a ROOT file.

* Directory: advanced

  Directory:    advancedGraphFitter
  Type:         ROOT macro
  Description:  Graph fits using 4 different functions assuming
                gaussian uncertainties. This example represents the
                example from the BAT paper showing a comparison
                between different fits. It also demonstrates the usage
                of the BCSummaryTool.

  Directory:    polynomialfit
  Type:         Compiled program
  Description:  Example showing how to define own complicated models and build
                a program for running with BAT. It shows fits using
                two functions when assuming asymmetric uncertainties.

  Directory:    mtf
  Type:         ROOT macros and compiled programs
  Description:  Examples for how to fit several templates to a data set
                using 1-dim. histograms. The examples feature the
                BCMTF which is included in the models directory. This
                code will replace the BCTemplateFitter in future
                versions.

  Directory:    roointerface
  Type:         Compiled program and ROOT macros
  Description:  Examples of usage of the RooInterface and BATCalculator.
                The former shows how BAT analysis can be performed on a
                RooFit workspace. The later shows how BAT can be run from
                within RooStats.

* Directory: expert

  Directory:    TrialFunction
  Type:         Compiled program
  Description:  A simple 2D-Gaussian posterior. The example shows how to
                change the trial function for the MCMC.


