This example is part of BAT. It will only run if BAT is correctly
installed in the system.

The statistical model is a multivariate Gaussian which is used for
combining several measurements of a set of observables taking into
account correlations among the measurements. In additiona to the
numerical solution, the best linear unbiased estimator (BLUE)
according to Nucl.  931 Instrum. Meth. A500 (2003) 391 is calculated.

The files:
----------

   Makefile               - makefile for the example program
   MVCombination.h        - definition of the combination model
   MyCombination.h        - definition of the concrete combination model
   MVMeasurement.h        - definition of a measurement
   MVUncertainty.h        - definition of an uncertainty
   ToyModel.h             - definition of a toy model
   MVCombination.cxx      - source code
   MyCombination.cxx      - source code
   MVMeasurement.cxx      - source code
   MVUncertainty.cxx      - source code 
   ToyModel.cxx           - source code 
   runMVCombination.cxx   - example code how to run the combination 
                            (1D example)
   runMyCombination.cxx   - example code how to run a combination
                            with a derived combination code (2D example)
   input1D.txt            - input file to 1D example
   input1D_nuisance.txt   - input file to 1D example with nuisance parameters
                            for the correlation coefficients
   input2D.txt            - input file to 2D example

Input file structure:
---------------------
number of observables, measurements, source of uncertainty and nuisance parameters
list of observables and their (min/max) ranges
names of the uncertainties
list of measurements, observables, central values and uncertainties
list of correlation matrices
list of nuisance parameters: measurement1, observable1, measurement2, observable2, correlation coefficient, min/max range, prior shape, arguments of prior

- shape an arguments of the prior are:
  "flat" (no arguments)
  "gauss" mean std


Running the example:
--------------------

1. Make sure that BAT is correctly installed in the system

2. Compile the example by running 'make' in the example directory

	For the compilation to work properly BAT needs to be installed
	in the standard system accessible location or in the path defined
	by the BATINSTALLDIR environmental variable.

3. Make sure that the input file contains the corresponding
   information about the input values.

4. Run the executables 'runMyCombination.cxx' or
'runMVCombination.cxx' with a proper input file as argument.

Comments:
---------

An example for error propagation is shown in the 2D case: a new
combination class inherits from MVCombination and a histogram with the
quantity of interest is calculated during the combination.

Output:
-------

- the standard BAT output: results as .txt files, plots, summary
  plots, etc.

- MVCombination::PrintBLUEResults(filename): prints a summary of the
  BLUE analysis to an output file. This includes the input values and
  matrices, the estimated central values and uncertainties as well as
  the weights and output correlation matrices.

- ToyModel::PrintToys(filename): prints the chi2 distributions
  indicating the observed chi2, indicates the distribution of 1D and
  2D measurements of the pseudo-data and indicates the observed data.

- ToyModel::PrintSummary(): prints the results of the goodness-of-fit
  test on the screen
